Hello everyone, Rob Cunningham with The Cool Show.
Happy, good morning, good afternoon, good evening, wherever, whatever time it happens to be where you are.
I am overwhelmed with enthusiasm and pregnant anticipation of this interview with my new friend Jay Cooey.
Jay is a neurobiologist with an unbelievable background in science, in
the last four years of the pandemic that we've all had to experience and endure and process.
I can't wait to get into this conversation, but before I start, Jay, welcome to the Kuhl family.
And please, if you don't mind, introduce yourself and give everybody the executive summary of your life and background.
Thank you very much, Mr. Cunningham, for having me on your show.
My background, wow, it's a weird story.
I'm a Wisconsin boy.
I grew up in Northern Wisconsin, went to high school in Northern Wisconsin, and then did my university in Chicago.
After university, my intention was to go to med school, but I was on waiting lists.
And so while I was on waiting lists, I was a high school teacher in Chicago.
I really enjoy teaching.
I enjoyed it a lot, but as a 22-year-old,
essentially young adult kid.
Um, I was also bartending and I was teaching high school and interacting with the other teachers didn't work out as much.
Um, I was a very successful bartender.
I started to get three nights a week.
I made more money as a bartender than as a high school teacher.
Um, and so I was a bartender for a couple of years and, uh, that's what I did.
And then, um, I dunno, I, I think it's a funny story, so I'll tell the whole thing.
Um, I, uh,
decided to take Christmas Eve off and I couldn't find a substitute.
And so I let my, I gave the keys to the bar, to my bar back, kind of naively not realizing that Christmas Eve was a very busy night.
And so when I got to my parents' house in Wisconsin from Chicago driving there at night, there was a message on my answering machine in Chicago from the owner of the bar saying, you're fired.
And I just didn't understand at the time as a young adult,
that I had the keys to somebody's business and that I actually had a really awesome job.
I was just kind of not aware of the responsibilities that I had.
I was just kind of coasting through life thinking, you know, next year I'm going to get into med school, so this is just me on vacation.
And it was a pretty rude awakening because I didn't get into med school that year.
And I had to do the waiting list again or do something again.
And I had stopped teaching high school.
And so then that was also like, OK, you're going to go back to that now.
And so I found myself wandering.
And I went into the classified ads of the Chicago Tribune, believe it or not.
And I found this research technician job at the University of Chicago, and I started
biking from the north side to the south side every day along the lake, going to this lab at the University of Chicago and doing cell culture and other stuff, just trying to, I don't know, decide if I wanted to go to grad school or if maybe this job would help my resume so I could get into med school next year.
Maybe I could get a recommendation.
I was still trying to find a way to keep the bike moving and, you know, just that was what I was going to do.
But it was also in my own head kind of a dishonest
sort of killing time as a young adult.
I felt very lost after 9-11 happened.
That happened while I was at the University of Chicago and I had a boss who was Tunisian.
So on that morning when I showed up, the second plane hit while I was on, it was the winter, you know, like September, so I had stopped biking or I had taken the train and
And when I got off the train on the south side on the 55th street stop and got on the bus, the person that sat next to me said, hey, did you see there was another plane?
And I was like, what?
So from the time that I had rode the train till then, another plane hit.
I got into the lab and Collin, my boss had already shaved his beard and said, you got to go home.
I'm going to go home.
We're all going to go home.
They're probably going to come and round me up and I'm going to have to, I'm going to be gone.
So the lab is going to close.
I want you to,
Wrap up your experiments.
You don't need to come in.
You need to go home.
This is something very bad.
It's American history, and you definitely don't need to work for me today.
So I got back on the bus.
I rode the train home.
All my roommates are in the living room, and we watched the TV all day.
Well, that day changed a lot of our lives.
It changed my life.
For the next couple of weeks, I was
Riding the the the L and in Chicago on purpose and I would at the University of Chicago I'd print out these pieces of paper that said oil period war question mark and I would put them on seats of the L and I walked the whole line of the The train while I did it because I was just like I don't know what's going on here But we're not gonna go to Iraq for these building.
I you know, I thought I knew what I was doing I had to say something and at some point in time
I don't know, I just, I realized that the American government was exactly what Ted Gunderson had told me and exactly what Mike Rupert had told me and I didn't.
They were telling me stories and it was about the history and what happened before, but what was happening now was still, and I think that's what a lot of people have the problem with is a lot of what's happening now, I just assumed wasn't like previous history.
They're not doing that anymore.
That might've been what they did to Kennedy, but that's not still going on.
And so you can be very, very much safe in terms of thinking about history as bad guys, but not now as current history as having bad guys.
And that's the kind of illusion that even after 9-11 still didn't quite break because the EU hadn't been formed yet.
So when I went over to the Netherlands at that time,
So that's another part of the story, I should say.
At the University of Chicago, at the same time, there was a Dutch guy working there.
I think it was in 2001, at the end of the year or early 2002, he moved back to the Netherlands.
And we had been friends such that he said, if you want to do a PhD, maybe you should come to the Netherlands.
And in the Netherlands, they pay people to do a PhD.
It's like a paid position.
And so if you wanted to, you could do that.
And I said, well, don't tease me.
I'd love to do that.
And so actually, he left in August, and then in October I went to...
Amsterdam where he worked and I interviewed and then in November I left.
So in November of 2002, I left to the Netherlands.
I did my PhD in Amsterdam.
I met my wife there.
Then we moved to Norway for my first postdoc.
We lived in Norway for four years.
We had our two sons there.
We moved back to the Netherlands intending to raise our kids in Holland where her family is.
She has a huge family there.
I have a family in America too, but they're a lot more spread out and they're a lot less, they're a lot less
convivial with each other, if you will.
It's not so... In the Netherlands, they get together all the time and it's really important for birthdays and stuff.
And so, my wife misses her family more than I ever did.
Let's say it that way.
Anyway, we wanted to live there.
We were there for four years.
I didn't get tenure.
And as American, it was actually a lot harder than I thought to get tenure.
And so we were kind of left with, you know, what do we do?
And we came back to America in 2016 to Pittsburgh.
As a Wisconsin kid, the only thing I had in my head was the Steelers and I hated this place.
But actually it's beautiful here.
The hills are beautiful and steep and full of trees.
And the bridges are nice and the rivers are here and there's plenty of water and there's deer and turkey.
And everybody's got a real down-home-work attitude.
I feel like it's a really, really wonderful American city that we were blessed to stumble into because of course we could have gone... there's lots of other places we could have ended up and we ended up here.
Yeah, so then we're here, we're working for the, I'm just trying to get on the tenure track at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine.
I've got a pretty good resume because the people that I worked with in Norway, the year after I left and went to the Netherlands, they got the Nobel Prize in medicine.
So that's on my resume and I can email those people and that's kind of cool.
Let me pause you there for a second.
Sure.
Can you see what's on the screen there?
Yeah, I can.
Folks, I want you to understand this story.
Let's put this in context real quick.
From biking bartender, you know, to fired bartender, to meeting somebody and going over to the Netherlands and Norway, to getting his PhD, coming back to the United States in 2016.
Look at this.
2,855 citations.
for research.
Look at the topics that Jay, from the University of Pittsburgh, Dr. Jay, to be respectful, look at all of these publications of official articles and research publications and citations in the industry.
So we're speaking of a man that has ultimately and humbly not even, you know,
talked about the vastness of his research, his expertise, and his industry recognition in the fields of neurobiology.
So given that, I just wanted to paint a little bit of a picture and turn it back to you, Jay, that we're speaking of a man that has found
remarkable expertise at the zenith of his career.
And you can look from 2017 to 18 to 19 to 20, the first four years here before boom, now COVID comes into play, 20 and 21, his research even goes up.
But
This is a man of great accomplishment.
I just want to brag on you a little bit, Jay.
So please, the microphone is yours.
It's very nice, but anybody who is still playing that game would see that I was definitely a benchwarmer.
But it's very nice of you to say.
I don't want to self-deprecate in any way.
I did a lot of good work that I'm very proud of.
And I think I would have made an excellent supervisor and I would have done very well in that system.
But what that system represents to me now is very different than what I thought it was.
And I had a good gut feeling that there was a lot of waste.
I had a gut feeling that a lot of questions that were being asked had probably could have been answered better or probably didn't need to be asked anymore.
But I kind of just assumed that that was a function of the system where you just throw so much money at something that you're obviously going to waste some.
I never saw it as like a purposeful part of how our
collective identity could be slowly diluted over time if we just asked enough irrelevant questions and we ran down enough wrong pathways.
Eventually, there would be so much confusion and bad information that
the end result would be that we didn't know ourselves as well as we had confused ourselves into believing we do.
And so even though I was able to articulate this in small contexts, like before I left academia, I could already say, and I used to drive people nuts, sometimes I would say it, you know, like at a,
at a party or drinking, you know, at somebody's celebration where everybody's just, you know, kind of talking and somebody would bring up cancer.
I would always say, man, oh, man, I just I can't believe how ridiculous that whole concept is.
And they would be like, what?
And I'd say, well, the whole kind of what is cancer?
Just tell me what, you know, ask one of these academic people.
A cancer is when cell division is is becomes dysregulated and then you have this huge problem.
And I said, OK, so that's interesting because
the, we spend billions of dollars trying to find genetic explanations for it.
We spend almost no money trying to find toxic explanations for it or nutritional explanations for it, or environmental explanations for it.
We spend all of our money on genetic explanations for it.
Yet how many of those, how many actual of the total number of real biologically plausible explanations do you think are genetic?
And they're kind of like.
I don't know what you mean.
I said, well, if we could solve all the genetic cancers, how much cancer would go away?
And for the first time they start to realize that, wait, he's right.
Like most of the cancer in my imagination is not genetic.
Most of the cancer is because you got unlucky.
Most of the cancer is because you were constantly exposed to any hundreds of lists of things that you should not have been exposed to.
It should never have been in a product, should have never been in your food.
And yet these people don't even consider the possibility that sitting in traffic for 50 years might give you cancer.
This whole thing drives me bananas because again, we're not talking about a few people investigating a few sick kids for the sake of those sick kids.
We're talking about throwing hundreds of billions of dollars at
questions that really aren't going to answer the biggest portion of the question that they presume to be answering, or the problem, rather, that they presume to be addressing.
And so even though I could pretty succinctly drive people bananas with this little argument in cancer, it never dawned on me that that same sort of high bar of validation
should be applied to all biomedical sciences.
And if it was applied just in the same snarky way, I would actually find that I could apply this anywhere.
And it was only, it was COVID and getting kicked out that made me start to realize that, oh my gosh, like that's really where we are.
And now they have used this in a military fashion to convince my children that something happened that didn't happen.
And so then I was just trying to process what parts can I understand, and what parts can I give a good, succinct explanation for what I do understand, and then what parts of their narrative
Can I not explain?
Can I not address?
And do I need to stay away from?
Because oftentimes those are the things that they want you to argue about so that they can discredit you in this irrelevant argument rather than have to address you in the very relevant subjects.
That's where I'm finding myself now.
Man, brother, thank you for that, because it so perfectly dovetails the title of this interview.
And I stole this from you.
Our consciousness is prime real estate.
OK, that is the real estate everyone wants to occupy.
Yet only one should occupy it with sovereign authority.
But the world wants to identify you, identify me, take control over me, take control over you, identify me and you, and then set the rules of the game for me and you.
And I was speaking to our great friend yesterday, Michelle Stiles, who's going to be at the Red Pill Expo as well.
And, you know, in essence, what they have done or what this world has done to us is define the football field as between the two 40-yard lines.
And in between the 40 yard lines, we can argue, we can debate, we can have elections, we can do research.
They'll throw all the money in the world between the 40s.
But don't you dare go outside the 40 or go dance in the end zone or walk up in the stands or go out in the parking lot.
You're not allowed to leave the confines of the field as we define the argument or the battlefield to be.
If you walk down to the 10-yard line and start talking, that's when people look at us like we have nine horns coming out of our head.
Because what are you doing down there?
The argument's over here.
Well, what if the argument isn't over here?
What if that is intentionally an exercise in futility?
Absolutely.
And people don't want us to know the real cause or the real answer.
They just want to exhaust us.
There's two very distinct aspects of this malevolent governing strategy that have really become very razor sharp and focused for me over even the last couple of months.
And that is the fact, I give you a couple of different angles on it so that you and I can really express it to your viewers.
The first angle would be that when we were growing up, when you watched the news, there was one person.
And that one person had something to tell you.
But it doesn't matter who it was, it was one person and they had one thing to say to you.
Now, one of the most diabolical ways that lies manifest and are empowered is when more than one person agrees to lie to another.
There's nothing worse than if you and your wife lie together to a third person.
It's very, very hard for that person, especially if they trust one or both of you.
Imagine two brothers lying to their sister.
These kinds of combinations are very wicked.
And what I find disturbing about the current state of social media and also on television
is that you have a table full of people, like the view, where four people, wittingly or unwittingly, are lying to their viewers.
And that is a much more malevolent form of lying than even one person looking you in the eye and lying, because at least then the stream of consciousness doesn't involve a fake agreement between two people.
And that's what I find most terrifying is that I'm convinced that on Twitter, anonymous accounts are used the same way.
If you were on Twitter and you said that, I really like white bread better than brown bread.
And then you had 10 anonymous accounts come under there and go, wow, Rob Cunningham is really the smartest guy ever.
I like his bread ideas and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And then I, as a follower, look at your tweet and read that thread, it is,
infinitely more powerful than the tweet itself.
And so there are lots of ways on social media where the illusion of a group of people, the illusion of a consensus can be instantly created by just two people on Zoom going, oh yeah, I agree, that question is very important and your answer is very relevant.
And this magic trick, when applied to, let's say, foreign affairs or what they want you to believe about some candidate's history, in our childhood seemed innocuous.
But with the power of social media, where everybody has agreed to scroll on this device as a window to the world, this has been militarized against us.
And they can make us believe anything, including that toilet paper is going to run out, so you better go buy some.
And it will manifest in ways that we cannot possibly underestimate.
Like the best way for us to think about this has been said by many, many people before me, but the best way for us to think about this would be for us to realize that there is no useful way for us to turn over
our consciousness to these people's programs.
You don't have to think about them as artificial intelligence.
You can think about them as programs.
People are intentionally programming social media to put their message in front of you.
There is no virality.
Nobody with a really good idea cannot be stopped.
Um, in fact, the only good ideas, quote unquote, that go viral on the internet are the ones that they want you to see.
And once you accept that, that even the anonymous accounts are going to tell you that that's a great question, or that guy's really smart.
And even the people that are, you know, like, I would say that it's not ridiculous to assume that most interviews
that are done on YouTube, that don't get erased, have a script, have an agreed-upon list of questions.
And if I decided right now to start talking about the history of World War II and the fact that I think they didn't only kill people, they tested on them first, you wouldn't have known that we were going to do that because we don't have a script.
But these people, because they are working for the actual system that is trying to govern us, these weaponized piles of money that control social media, they want you to believe that the only thing you have to fear is that the government might censor social media.
What you really have to fear is that these private interests would put liars on social media and agree to lie to you about everything they want to lie to you about.
and then blame it on the government censoring things.
That's not what you have to fear.
You have to fear coordinated lying on social media where it's totally allowed.
You can make a YouTube channel where you have your family and friends and everybody from your community pretending to be random people.
And then you could do a sweepstakes and give all those people the money you raise
and pretend that they're random subscribers to YouTube and literally lie about it for years until your whole town is worth millions of dollars and there's nothing to stop anyone.
You can lie.
You can set up fake scenarios.
You can set up fake storage lockers that are full of valuable things.
You can set up fake gambling scenarios.
You can do whatever you want on social media.
And so therefore, one must assume
that the people who are governing us are taking full advantage of that.
And then saying, oh, but the government is censoring people.
And now you're not even arguing about the worst and most malevolent sort of manifestation of this, which is that they are most definitely lying to your kids on Snapchat and getting your kids to think about more and more myopic things and more and more irrelevant things.
We don't need to be afraid of AI, we need to be afraid of our phones and social media and getting off of them and decentralizing to the point where maybe we just need to send emails to each other, maybe we need to just call.
Maybe we need to drive over to each other's house, but we definitely, definitely, definitely don't need to continue to meet new random people on social media all around the world, because all that's doing is fracturing our families and fracturing our communities instead of what we need to do, which is kind of rebuild from there.
And the pandemic would not have been possible without the blanket control of the narrative on social media.
We were all needed to be at home.
We all needed to be told the debate on Twitter is really where it's at.
The up-to-date, up-to-the-minute news is only available on Twitter.
All the new journalists are on Twitter and then, oh, but they're being censored.
Oh, but then Elon's coming to save us.
And now it's just all one giant trap.
And if you just realize that no matter what, if you assume they're lying, it almost always makes more sense.
Jay, that is the bottom line.
Drop the mic, ring the bell, assume they
are lying.
The colloquial, they are lying.
Okay, goes back to seek first.
Humble ourselves, seek first.
Look, we don't know our enemy.
Jay, we don't know our enemy.
And yet it's so funny in business and in sports,
You do everything you can to know your enemy.
You study their ankle injuries.
You study whether the quarterback's having a fight with his wife.
You study who's got a bruise on a knee.
You study if it's going to be wet or rainy or indoor or out.
You study everything.
The Las Vegas oddsmakers, they make it a quantum science.
Every variable on every player so they can get the point spread just right so you can bet money on who's going to win or lose.
Right.
Apple studies Microsoft and Microsoft studies Google and businesses, banks study other banks, you know, strengths and weaknesses.
You do a SWOT analysis, strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats.
You're always looking at yourself.
But we don't study the ultimate enemy, which is the liar.
that wants to centralize control over all of us, treat us like chattel, own us, tax us, regulate us, get us to consume, get us to build their work and their factories.
Yet, you know, you said the ultimate war in the world is a narrative war, and we're destroyed by our ignorance, the ignorance of who we are.
And yesterday, our friend Michelle Stiles, here are the five trusts that are set up.
This is what is used to weaponize against us, to reemphasize what you just said, okay?
The three big truster experience, trust your eyes.
Look, there's a guy in China riding on the ground doing the funky chicken, and here's an orange spiky ball.
That caused it there.
And oh my gosh, next picture.
Let's look at Italy.
Everybody in Italy is locking down.
Oh my God, now let's go to New York.
Oh, look at the hospitals.
Oh my God, there's that orange ball again.
So it's gotta be true because I saw with my eyes, it was taking place in China and in Italy and in New York.
It must be true.
Trust the Fauci's.
So we go from the, I saw with my eyes, they set up the story.
Now let's turn, I'm in such fear.
Tell me CDC and who and Fauci, what should I do?
Oh my goodness, save me.
And then you go over to the trust of social pressure.
Everybody's telling you, you got to protect grandma.
You can't kill grandma without a vaccine shot and without a mask.
If you do that, you could hurt society.
Be a good, loyal, moral citizen and conform to the narrative.
And there are three examples of how the trust is exploited for the benefit of who?
Who benefited if four or five billion people took the mRNA inoculation and a whole bunch of people died?
Who benefits from that?
You know, Jay, you can speak to this better than I can.
This was supposedly an airborne virus.
This was a flu-like strain, a COVID-19 respiratory problem.
And yet they jab everybody these mRNA cocktails.
And what are people dying of over the last three years?
Stroke, heart attack, regulatory, circulatory, blood-based viruses from a cure that was supposed to help us from a respiratory threat.
Yet we're dying from the cocktail poison.
Was that just a boo-boo?
Or is it a bunch of idiots?
No, no, no.
I think it's got a really logical explanation.
I mean, if you don't mind, I can start.
I can answer.
You're the expert, my friend.
I think it's got a pretty logical explanation.
It's going to require just a little bit of background narration.
So the first kind of setup that I think I only said this in our pre chat.
So if I repeated this in the interview, I apologize.
When we were growing up, lying to get ahead was not considered to be something that you would do.
Faking it until you're making it is not something that you would do.
We did, you know, we might learn things very fast.
We might, you know, apprentice with somebody here and apprentice with, we learned stuff and did it.
I remember my dad saying, if you're gonna do anything, you might as well do it right.
You know, I, there,
You don't have to reinvent the wheel either.
I don't know.
I can't come up with a million different things, but I know that fake it till you make it was not something that anybody, any adult ever told me was a valid way of reaching success.
That seems like something that's very recent.
However, I don't think you should be, that we should underestimate how often recently, especially in the last
three or four decades, something in terms of our very nature, in terms of a very understanding of who we are biologically, hasn't taken that same strategy of faking it until we make it.
Now, let me give a very rudimentary example so that everybody understands what I'm talking about, and then I'm gonna apply it to what I think is the really big lie.
The rudimentary example is Amazon Go.
You might not remember this, but in 2018 or 19, there were these stores called Amazon Go, and they said they were using AI technology and computers and camera technology so that you could go in, you scan your phone, you tell them who you are, and then you go in the store and pick up whatever you want and walk out.
And then somehow or another, their algorithms and their cameras and their AI
would know what you picked up and charge you the right amount of money.
And then they even made fun of that on Saturday Night Live and showed black people being afraid to go in there and thinking it was a trap.
Well, the funny thing is, is that in the end, we found out that Amazon was faking it until they made it.
So the way that they rolled it out,
was they had a bunch of Indian people on cameras in India watching people and just, you know, you know, knowing what's in the store and, and watching the cameras and say, okay, she picked this up.
She picked that up and then ringing her out with the idea that eventually the cameras and the data of the people moving around would, would give them enough repeated visits so that they could automate it.
And that never happened.
It didn't work.
Nothing really worked, but they talked smack.
They had a lot of things.
They were saying they were using they had fancy names for the technology They were gonna develop and facial recognition or whatever, you know and our codes, but in the end it didn't work It was a fake it until you make it.
Well, we could do that We could just put a bunch of people over there with cameras and then tell everybody that it's AI now if we go back to the late 80s and early 90s when
the impetus was to sequence the human genome.
I want your viewers to do a thought exercise about a national security state that had a goal.
didn't have all the methodologies to get to that goal, but needed everybody to believe to the tune of billions of dollars that that goal was attainable.
And even more in the back of the seat and behind the scenes, they scared the national security state because, you know, if we're going to get to that goal of understanding the human genome, it's going to be a lot harder for us because unlike India and unlike China,
who have a lot more homogenous population.
We have a lot harder nut to crack in America because we have all these different ethnicities and these half breed people.
So we've got a lot more genetic diversity, which is really valuable.
From a data perspective, it's the most valuable data set that's ever existed.
And if we're going to reduce the population from what it is now to around 2 billion people, then while we're reducing the population, we better gather as much data as possible.
Just like if you're going to get rid of a bunch of Jews in ovens, you might as well do medical experiments on them before you do that, right?
The question is, where did that data go?
Who has that data?
Where did those doctors go?
How did that data leave Germany?
Because everybody talks about the ovens, but there is no possible way that the brilliant minds of the Germans didn't think that those aren't just... it's not wood.
that we have over there, those are humans.
We could use those for all kinds of stuff.
A monkey of the NIH costs like $50,000 a year as a test animal.
So if they could get the most valuable data from us and our children before they reduce the population, however they do it, what they would need to do is invert our understanding of our sovereignty so that we wouldn't even know we were submitting.
And if, if they get to the stage where they want to get, then the reason why we will submit is because we're going to find out that, you know, a one size fits all kind of medicine is not really ideal.
And although, you know, vaccines worked okay.
The transfection to save people from the pandemic worked okay.
It actually hurt a lot of people too because it wasn't perfect.
And if we're going to make these things perfect, actually, we're not even going to be able to test anything.
We're going to have to make something special for Rob Cunningham and his family, and we're going to have to make something special for Jonathan Cooey and his family because they're genetically different.
And so ideally what you should do is just give us all your genetic data and all of your medical data, and eventually we'll be able to feed that AI, and the AI will just spit out personalized medicine for Rob and personalized medicine for Jay, and the FDA won't even need to be involved because, you know, we wouldn't test this on anybody else anyway.
This is just made for you.
And because we all know we're from the government, we're here to help.
from the government, we're here to help.
And the important thing to understand, Rob, is that these kinds of ideas were already being talked about in the 60s and in the 50s and written in books and in essays.
They already knew that the nation states were in our way.
the individual peoples and individual languages and cultures gets in the way of us being the stewards of our collective future.
These people believe that at some point, if we're really going to be honest, we're going to have to pull our big boy pants on and start breeding on purpose and combining genes on purpose so that we get better people for the future.
Otherwise, who knows what will happen?
And I'm just trying to express in sort of a cartoon way how even before any of these people understood the irreducible complexity in the way that we understand it now, back in the 60s when we didn't have all the technology that we have now, they already knew.
that they needed to get people to accept being experimental animals if we were ever going to get to the stage where we could make humankind better somehow.
Even in a sci-fi way at the time, they assumed that at some point these technologies to edit the genome would come.
And assumed that not only would they come, but it was kind of an obligation for us to use them.
And that mindset predates where we are now by decades.
And I heard Mike Eden say it the other day, and I really think he's right, that I've come to the conclusion that the whole concept of vaccination had this era in mind, that eventually they would get us, our parents, to believe in disease.
And then they would get us, our parents' kids, to believe that vaccines have saved us from disease.
And then they could just pull one more
a little bait and switch and now that we've basically given up our sovereignty because you know it's crowded and and uh there's disease and we are actually right there right now and and we were we are i think the only thing i think is that they thought they would get all the way
with it.
I think they thought they were going to get higher compliance.
I think they thought it would work better than it did.
I think they thought less people would wake up.
And I think they're pretty off script now.
And that's the one huge hope I have, is that they still can use social media to pretend like they totally are exactly where they want to be.
But I think they're so far off script now, and that's the reason why it feels so, so... They're in utter panic, Jay.
Yeah, they are.
I think they are.
If they were leading and they were in control, they would not be acting the way they were acting.
They're down by seven touchdowns with 14 seconds on the clock.
And every play is a Hail Mary.
And no matter what they do, they can't win this game.
I like that.
They cannot win this game.
I want to go back 2000 years in one minute.
Okay.
The root of all evil is a love of money.
And
If you don't know yourself, you'll be lied to like crazy.
You adopt their system.
Once you adopt their system, then they can lie to you.
They can use authoritative control.
They can get you to lie to yourself.
They can then impose a narrative on you and get out of fear.
You don't know yourself.
You consent to their system.
They paralyze you with fear.
And then everybody takes a knee because I don't know who I am.
I don't know how to fear not.
They told me this is for the societal good and for the better of humanity.
And if I want to be a good, loving, compassionate person, I'm going to take a knee and bow to the system because the system is here to help me.
That's not OK.
And so yesterday in my conversation with Michelle again, I don't want to this is our interview, but good.
What triggered a physical therapist to write a book on propaganda, The One Lie to Rule Them All, was when she discovered that a man was focused solely on marketing World War I.
Wait a minute, marketing war.
Why do you have to sell a war?
Don't we go to war out of absolute dire consequences just to say, no, no, no.
He had to market to a hundred million people and all the families that we needed to do this war and
kill and blow up and go to Germany and die and send our boys off to war from mass casualty to this is the nebulous phrase that they spent infinite amounts of money through the fake money press, okay, of the Federal Reserve, where you click a button and you make money out of nowhere.
And this guy is telling the world he had to market and advertise the need to go to World War I. And
We need to go to World War I to help preserve democracy the world over.
What the hell does that even mean?
Sounds noble.
Oh my gosh, I should want to do that too.
If I'm patriotic, I want to preserve democracy the world over, then you'll go to war and kill a bunch of Germans.
And so the idea of having to sell war to Americans who in our natural state have no interest in going and killing somebody else.
I don't want to go kill you and blow you up and leave my family and blow things up.
War is not a natural state for the natural essence of who we are.
But division, destruction, devouring, divide and conquer
is the natural state for those in charge of the system.
That goes back to we live in this world, but not of it, not by its ways and means, not by its narratives, not by its bullshit.
But if we don't know the laws and the orders and how to resist the liars, the liars best us.
They get us.
So.
I mean, I don't know what to say other than every time we log in, every time we pick up social media and allow it to put thoughts in our head, it's a lot worse than the TV when we were kids.
I mean, this is extreme.
And what frightens me most is that I, as a parent,
I see a lot of other younger parents around me that clearly don't understand that their children will be permanently broken if at four years old they're already scrolling.
I'm not saying that my two boys don't have a phone, they do, but they are still
not scrolling.
They send messages to their friends.
I send messages to them.
Sometimes they have a YouTube video on there.
Yes, I'm not perfect, but it's not... I see their classmates.
For example, we went to the
to the orientation yesterday.
It was an auditorium full of parents and kids.
And then we walked around the school, you know, to see where his classrooms were so that he knew where to go in the first days and stuff.
And I was pretty, pretty shocked at the number of, you know, groups of girls walking around giggling and all of them holding a phone.
And I
You know, I could be wrong.
Maybe they all had their schedule on their phone, but I don't think they did because they, um, the average, the average girl, I believe sends about 600 messages a day.
That is just absurd to me.
It is absolutely absurd to me, especially when I think about, um, in high school, you know, this is, this is just going to really reveal how old I am, but in high school in Wisconsin, um,
I could recognize people's handwriting because we sent notes to everybody and left notes.
And the idea now that my kids almost think handwriting is kind of archaic.
And cursive is not even taught anymore.
Cursive is not even taught anymore, which I find extraordinary.
And every time I write, somebody is always like, well, your handwriting, well, you gotta do it.
You can stop writing for six months and your handwriting will deteriorate rapidly.
I mean, but it's funny.
I mean, I can remember how, yeah, I don't know.
I just, for me, it's really disturbing from also the perspective of as a neurobiologist,
I can remember very clearly a number of my teachers telling me that, you might be able to remember, but you need to take the notes anyway, because writing them down puts it in a different place in your brain.
And they're not wrong.
You're writing it, you're putting it into your motor cortex, your eyes are watching you write it.
When you make a mistake with the writing, then your brain is also processing that.
And all of that processing doesn't occur even when you just type.
Nevermind.
The ultimate hard drive.
The quantum hard drive.
We can remember stuff we did at four, five, and six years old.
Yep.
And the extreme examples of memory are flawless.
So there are these kind of savant-like people.
Many of them are very highly functional people, and a lot of them are actors, actually.
There's a lady,
She was on, did she play Mary Tyler Moore, I think?
But one of these actresses from the 70s, it was like on one of these TV shows, but it's not Sally Field, but for some reason she looks a lot like Sally Field to me.
This woman is autobiographically perfect.
She can remember all the way back to about,
her first year of life.
And if you ask her about any particular date, she says that once she gets a trigger, the whole thing just kind of uploads and she experiences the day again.
She can tell you what she wore, what it smelled like, what she ate.
She's just bizarre.
But when you see that she applied that to being able to read a script and remember it forever.
So that made her a
you know, that's a pretty badass skill to have if you want to act.
And so she turned it into a living, but it was also a very much a kind of a handicap too, because you can't get in an argument with this person.
And you can't have a discussion with them because they're like, no, that's not what you said.
And I know it's not what you said because you were sitting over there.
You had you had his food in your hand and you were speaking with your mouth full.
And I didn't like the potatoes like that.
That's you know, that's an annoying person to have around sometimes.
That's quantum consciousness.
Yeah.
Completely aware.
of everything 24 seven dialed in.
But I find myself, Rob, I find myself wondering if she is rare only because of the amount of toxins and pollution and mismanagement of our environment and our own lives that she's so rare.
And if we were,
from the very beginning, trying to optimize our children biologically and spiritually, that maybe half of the kids would have memory that strong, or half of the children would be, this is what worries me.
Who gets to define the narrative that we're all normal and she was weird?
Yeah, exactly, exactly weird.
Who gets to say that it's the narrative makers that get and then the group thing and then the teachers and the tube on television and the government tells us this is where you play.
If you're outside the 40 yard lines, you're weird.
If you're in the end zone where you're supposed to be, don't be like those weird people.
Nikola Tesla can't have that guy thinking too much.
Let's lock down all his 6,000 patents, give him a label, put him over there, call him a weird eccentric.
Don't be like Tesla.
What if we should be like Tesla?
The funny part is, is if you tell somebody that, just tell them this, and I think it's pretty true, I've heard it, I haven't verified it myself, but it's my understanding that Goodyear, or what is the other name for that?
It's Goodyear, I'm seeing ICH at the end.
Goodyear is, well, whatever the company that made tires, I thought they had-
Michelin Goodrich.
Goodrich is the name they wanted.
Yes.
They have patents on particular kinds of rubber that will last more than 250,000 miles.
And they just put them in a vault so that no one could make those tires because they don't want those tires out on the world.
And people, if you tell that to somebody, they're like, oh, that makes sense.
But they never think the idea, okay, well, if that makes sense, then what about something like free electricity?
Out of the ether sphere, it's just out there, it can be extracted, it can be free.
But why would we want that?
Because you can't put a meter on free.
No, you can't.
And there goes back to the love of money as a root of all evil, right?
There's a lot of people now.
I don't know if you've seen it.
I guess if you mentioned Tesla so quickly, you probably have seen it.
But there are people who have verified the idea.
One of the things I saw him draw, or a drawing of his interpretation of him, was that just putting a wire, a very narrow, tiny wire that will connect the upper atmosphere to the ground, it's a permanent voltage step.
And people with drones have done this.
So you can take a drone and you can take a really light nanowire of copper and just take it up to about 150 feet.
And if you put a voltmeter on the bottom of it between ground and that wire, you will find a constant voltage across it.
And so there's no question that even in certain geographic places, it might have been possible for ancient cultures to have realized this just by suspending things and you know, whoa, there's a shock on this thing or there's a charge on this.
And I don't know how it would have happened, I don't know.
But for example, one of the reasons why the pyramids might be interesting is because they're high enough
that something like that could have been inside of them or outside of them and that phenomenon could have been there.
Research indicates that the singular one tallest pyramid had transmissibility, if you will, that could reach 99% of the world's surfaces electronically.
It was an antenna that would allow for electricity and signals and wireless communication.
Anyone that believes that was built for a burial tomb for the rich and the famous just to put dead bodies and preserve people and all of their gold and jewelry and gold.
Must have been a really nice guy, man, that's for sure.
And they still cannot explain to us what was the mechanical lift and hoist and technology to cut the stone so perfectly and build it and put it in the pyramid
2,000 years ago, Nikola Tesla was an idiot savant that understood energy, vibration, and frequency.
They understood that we are in a magnetic world, not an electric world, and yet everything is over here about electricity instead of magnetism.
And if you don't know, I mean, one of the ways to do that, right, is to just realize that if magnets are how electricity is made,
And every magnet on Earth will align to the magnetic field of the Earth.
And that seems like something we maybe could tap into.
Right.
You think?
Wow.
So Jonathan, if you were to go, if you could wave a magic wand, and I don't want to take up too much of your time, but if you could wave a magic wand and have
an hour or 30 minute or 10 minute press conference and the entire world tuned in and listened to it.
What would be your message of awakening or awareness or where we are or what steps we should as humanity take given the lessons of the last five years?
What should we really put front and center in our heart, mind and soul if we want to bring
some transformative health and sanity and unity and peace and love back to the world.
What's the takeaway from the last five horrendous years that could make the future five years better?
I'll try this out and see if it works.
This is a college level biology 101 book.
And in my humble description here, there are two ways to read this book.
And I was raised to read the book in the way that academic people read it, and bird watchers read it, and entomologists read it, and even plant biologists read the book.
The way they read the book is this, and there's nothing wrong with it.
I just think that if you asked me what the big message is for everybody on earth, this would be the message that I think could penetrate the most people from academic biologists all the way down to people that work at a gas station.
So this is a biology book, it's Biology 101, which means in theory, anybody could just read this and learn Biology 101.
And what you would learn is about DNA and RNA and proteins and bacteria and the kingdoms and all how these animals do things and how this all works.
And what you would see, if you were reading it like I was told to read it, like my biology teacher in high school, Mr. Jensen had me read it, like Dr. Beck at DePaul University had me read it, it would be like this.
oh wow they understand that and they know that and wow they know that too oh wow that's a lot to know oh geez wow that's a lot of details they know all that too holy cow there's more details this is really incredible like i can't believe how much we know like they they they understand everything like it's
Man, they figured that out too?
Holy cow!
Like, they know how DNAs co- Oh, wow, the skull fits like that?
Man, oh man, the- Oh my gosh, I can't believe how animal-y body plans have some symmetry and like, neat- Oh, wow, I mean, it's just crazy how insects have their skeleton on the outs- I mean, plants have different kinds of genomes.
Man, oh man, even ants!
Oh my gosh, look at those enzymes!
Wow, the immune system- And so by the time you're done, it's like, I'm just overwhelmed.
at the amount of understanding we have compared to what in the 1800s when we just basically you know could look at somebody's urine crystals and take their temperature and look at the color of their skin and then make some guess about how they were and maybe give them something and then that would be it.
We really have so much more understanding of our biology that we're really close to just basically being carpenters for ourselves, right?
We can just do it.
I mean, we're so close to understanding compared to where we were.
And I think that this is a fundamentally wrong way for anybody to read this book.
What I think you should read it as is really this way.
Wow.
So, um, it's already pretty complicated.
Um,
Oh, wait, it's got that part too, so that makes it more complicated.
Wait, oh, wow, it's like that, but that's even more complicated.
So wait, oh, these little parts all go together to do that?
Oh, no, then that's really much more complicated.
Wait, under a microscope, there are that many of those?
Oh, no, then it's really much more complicated than we thought.
No way, can we see?
No, that's really, holy shit, we're never gonna figure this out.
That is where I was as an academic biologist.
That is where I was with the brain.
I thought the best part about my job was that no matter how much I did, we were still going to be horribly lost.
And there was still going to be plenty to do, which means that there was plenty for my students to do.
And that was great.
But for me, it was a reverence.
It was kind of like, don't get an ego about this, man.
All we're doing really is trying to find another little piece to make sure that we understand we're never going to.
The more pieces we find, the more complicated the watch is, and we're not trying to figure out how a watch works.
And so we just need to realize that every time we see a new kind of bird, it's just beauty.
It's awesome.
Every time we find a new enzyme, it's just beauty.
It's fantastic.
It's more complicated.
It's more beautiful than I thought.
There are more angles than I thought, which makes everything more beautiful, but that's not how the NIH
funds science.
That's not how universities think of science.
That's not why universities give tenure.
They give tenure to people who can pick this book up and claim that in 10 years most of the relevant questions will be answered.
And those are the people to get funded.
Those are the people that teach, those are the people that go on and that's the mythology.
The mythology is really easy to break.
This book and all books like it are evidence of how hard the problem is and how unlikely it is we will ever solve it and why we should turn instead.
toward trying to optimize ourselves, optimize our lives, optimize by starting with the assumption that we're perfect from the beginning, instead of starting with the assumption that most of us are broken and only if we study really hard will we find the fix for it.
That's ridiculous.
That's absurd.
The idea that my child came out of my wife in Norway and they told us, and this is really what broke me, Rob, just tell you,
I'll go back to my own story that I didn't tell you then.
We had our first two boys in Norway.
And the first boy, you wouldn't believe it, the boy gets born, we're there for a little while, whatever.
And then they take you down to the basement and they put you on this little robot train that takes you across the street, under the street to a hotel.
And in that hotel, you get three days with a cord that every time you pull it, a midwife comes in and she teaches the dad and the mom how to get the baby to latch on healthily and breastfeed.
so that the dad, who can see much better than the mom can, knows how to put the baby on better than the mom does.
And so you actually, they invest three full days into creating a
father that can be the the lactation coach.
And this is an unbelievable thing that when we experienced it, it was like, dude, this is easy.
Like if I have a nurse that's going to teach me how to change the diaper and how hard I can push on the button,
how hard I should wipe and what's clean and and I don't have to talk about it with my wife because if I pull that cord another lady will come in and confirm it and if I can't figure it out and this lady comes in and says no no grab the breast do this push this on it should look like that you can over three days become confident enough that when the baby's crying and your wife is exhausted that you don't go
You just go, it's all good.
I did this already.
And that it kind of investment was contrasted because we never really intended to have another kid, but we came back to the United States.
We ended up having a daughter.
And when she was born in the United States, that experience was so different.
So different than what we were, what happened in Norway, because after we left the hotel in Norway, then we had another visit a few weeks later and they explained to us how's, how's breastfeeding going.
Well, it's going great.
well then we don't need to talk about immunizations for a while, you can come back later.
And so the whole principle was that if you stay breastfeeding, we're not even gonna talk to you about shots.
And that went on for a while before I, you know, like I don't know, was it nine months or whatever they gave him the MMR or something, but it was very not, there's no pressure.
You wanna wait till he's four because you're gonna breastfeed all till he's four, fine, do it.
And so this was contrasted very much by Freddie coming out and there's a needle going into her.
And I'm like, what is, what is that?
And then another one went, what is that?
And the obstetrician looked at me and she said, congratulations, you have a blue baby.
Now, I don't know if you're aware, but when Asian people have babies, a lot of times they get this kind of red, blue stain on their back or somewhere on their body.
It's like a temporary birthmark.
And in a country like the Netherlands or in a country like America, where you have this wide variety of people, obstetricians are very aware that when this happens, you kind of have to make a little note of it.
Because if you don't note it, it can look like a giant body bruise.
And so you don't want a doctor to find that and be like, what the hell did you do to your baby?
It's just normal.
But what's really interesting was, is that this lady understood, because my wife is white, you know, Dutch, and I hate that word white, but she's a Caucasian lady, you know, Dutch lady, red hair, white skin, and I'm a half Filipino guy, so I've got tan skin, and she's an Indian lady, and she's complimenting me because my jeans got into my tan baby, and it had this blue Asian mark on it.
And I was screaming about the fact that she just gave two shots.
Like, what is going on?
And so after this disconnect where she's like, why do you don't understand that I'm complimenting you?
I'm trying to ask what you just injected into my baby.
My wife is kind of like, what happened?
What happened?
So I, I blew it.
Like I should have kept calm and whatever, but it was a really rude awakening.
And then, man, I still didn't wake up.
because she got all of her shots, not really on schedule, but kind of on schedule here because
We didn't know better yet.
You know, it's just like, well, yeah, they're the same shots.
It's a little earlier in America.
You know, you kind of want to forget about what happened on the birthday, but I just didn't process it.
I still didn't process it.
And even COVID happened and I still wasn't processing it.
And then we lost our house in the beginning of COVID because I lost my job and we had to move to this new school district.
And I still didn't have it.
I still gave my boys their shots in 2022.
And then only after we moved in 2022 was it that Bobby Kennedy called me and said, sorry, that's wrong.
It was right before we moved that Bobby Kennedy called me, but I didn't watch Vax or find out really what CHD was all about until many months after he hired me because again, remember,
I thought that I was fired at the University of Pittsburgh for speaking out about a lab leak on my bicycle.
I thought that I had to continue to raise alarm about this gain-of-function virus, this lab leak likelihood that they were covering up.
And so Bobby called me because he wanted my expertise about that.
That's why I was able to help him write this book.
But in the course of writing this book, I came to the conclusion that RNA viruses can't pandemic.
They can't do
millions and millions of infections and be tracked by millions of sequences.
This was all a biological mythology that the national security state wanted us to teach our kids.
And even if there are RNA molecules that can be dangerous, the only reason why they would ever be dangerous is because there are very proven industrial ways to make a lot of them.
An RNA molecule in a few copies, no matter what it is, cannot be dangerous to any of us.
But if you took that same RNA molecule and made one million copies of it and then aerosolized it and put it in somebody's lungs, it wouldn't surprise me at all if there was a massive immune reaction that included cytotoxicity and all kinds of other things that might happen as a result of that immune challenge.
But that's not virology.
That's not a RNA molecule all of its own
deciding to go around the world.
And this, I think, really feeds back into your knowledge, understanding, wisdom, and life message.
I have really fallen in love with a guy by the name of Buckminster Fuller.
And Buckminster Fuller explains life as a pattern integrity.
And what his most rudimentary example
I actually keep it on my table over here all the time, because I just think it's one of the most important books I've ever read.
This page is the most important page of the book.
And in this page, he's showing a picture of a rope over here.
And the rope, if you can see it in the picture, it's black and white, is a rope composed of three different parts.
And then they're kind of spliced together.
And then he writes this little poem on the other side.
Man is a pattern integrity.
He is like a knot tied in a rope.
He is not the rope.
I'm going to splice a piece of manila rope to a piece of cotton rope, and then splice the other end of the cotton rope to a piece of nylon rope.
And then I'm going to make the simplest knot that I know.
The rope has not done this.
I have done this to the rope.
I can slide this knot along, and I slide it along the rope, and now it leaves the manila, and it goes on to the cotton.
And I keep sliding it along, and now it's on the nylon.
And so, and suddenly, it's off the end.
We say the knot was a pattern integrity.
It wasn't manila, it wasn't cotton, it wasn't nylon.
Cotton, nylon, and manila.
Any of them are good to let us know about its shape and what the pattern was, but it was not that.
It had an integrity all its own.
And I would argue that this is the best way, oops, sorry, I did that very wrong.
The best way for us to think about life and what life is and what isn't life.
A pattern integrity that we are is much more complicated than this analogy that he said.
We are a pattern integrity where chemicals and materials come into our body and are a part of us for a time and then are gone again and breezed out or sweat out or lost.
And we've all heard this analogy that, you know, there's a water molecule in every one of us that was also part of Napoleon.
But that is the idea of a pattern integrity.
We are so complex.
that what we are is an emergent property of the stuff that's currently participating in our pattern integrity.
But the stuff that's participating in our pattern integrity is always changing and it is a constant state of dynamic movement.
And in that way, even our spirituality is an emergent property of that.
It's not manifest in it, it is an emergent property of it.
And so the moment that
that that pattern integrity ceases to constantly regenerate and exist, life isn't there.
And so what they have done to us and want us to teach our kids is that an RNA molecule is a pattern integrity, and it's just not.
It can't do the kinds of things that a really successfully designed mosquito might be able to do in a few years.
It can't do even what a bacteria, a very successful bacteria might be able to do.
Because again, whatever that is...
that they are calling viruses, whether they're real or not, the real reality is that you can't put a combination of chemicals together and say, look, it'll go by itself now.
And we don't understand where that transition occurs to where if you lightning bolt plus the right number of proteins and now you have life, that's just as big a bullshit story.
Because in reality, the transition from the not
in the rope.
And that's what Buckminster says without really saying it is that he tied the rope.
The explanation for the pattern integrity in the rope is Buckminster in his hands.
And so if you want to understand the pattern integrity that is us, you actually have to explain the hands.
And we don't have any way of getting to what those are.
We are just given what we are given.
We have to humbly submit to the idea that it's gotta be a creator.
It's gotta be something.
And this is what,
I guess I was raised a Catholic, which for a lot of people, you would say you're a recovering Catholic then because of the catechism or whatever.
But I had a very healthy relationship with God as a kid, and I believe in prayer still.
I went in and out of it in my adult life, and I'm not afraid to admit it because a lot of being in academia supersedes faith in that way.
And so, like many, many weak souls, you don't turn until you need help.
And when I had this trouble at the beginning of the pandemic and thought I was losing everything is when I started to say, hey man, what's going on?
I was trying to, I was doing everything I thought I was supposed to do and it turns out I wasn't.
I hadn't asked for advice for a very long time.
I hadn't asked for guidance in a very long time.
And I realized how arrogant I was and where I was at that time.
And I spent,
I'd spent a lot of years trying to play that game at the detriment of my relationship with my young kids and the detriment of my relationship with my wife to a lot of extent.
I mean, not to say, but just I realize now in retrospect how ridiculously I was letting that become precariously untended.
um and you know bending all of my energy on what happened at work and how I'm pleasing those people and we all are there and just I can only relate my personal experience and and and hopefully relate it in such a way so that people can have sympathy for the thousands of people that are still trapped inside universities thinking that they're doing the right thing despite knowing in their gut that some of this
woke ideology isn't perfect or, you know, that's what they tell themselves.
It's not great.
But, you know, I just keep my head down and I do my thing and I answer my questions.
And all of these people are exactly where I was.
And the whole system is designed to keep you so busy that you don't have the time to do anything else.
And so I have a lot of sympathy for those people.
I'm sure I'm upset about the people at the University of Pittsburgh that
knew me before and know me now, still haven't ever reached out to me, even though they have to know I was much closer to the truth than they were back then.
But I just, I think now the most important thing for me has been that this last four years has been a lot, still a lot of ego processing that people are lying to me and I have the answer.
And it's taken me four years to come
to the realization that that message is never going to ring with anybody.
That message is still kind of a permutation of what social media is doing to everyone.
I just happen to be focused for a very long time on my own personal disgruntled situation.
After speaking at the Red Pill and then watching myself at the Red Pill and recognizing that in myself, I've made a lot of progress in the last few months, really coming to terms with how I can
see myself and the people that are still trapped and then try to come up with a message that's really a useful ladder for them to get out.
Because I really think I'm one of the few people who might have a chance of saving some of those people because I did have a relationship with a lot of those people.
I do have a track record that's not zero and I do have, I think, a pretty solid biological argument
to make all of them sort of accepted.
I think, and that might be a good way for me to get to a sort of condensed last message.
Let me just put this one slide up here and then we'll see if, oh, shoot.
control Z sorry about that I didn't mean to be so so please I want you if you don't mind Jonathan very quickly continue with what you're doing I'm gonna go off camera for about 30 seconds I'll be perfect no problem so I think that that the
The way that you can get a lot of different people to really understand what's going on here is to first remind them of what is supposed to have happened.
And that goes back to our in a camp pandemic.
They told us that there was a mystery virus.
You can see that behind me here.
And that the mystery virus was causing all these excess deaths.
Now the graph that I have behind me is from 2014 over here all the way to the end of 2021 over here.
And what you see in the different colors, the yellow are the calculated flu deaths, which we all are aware.
virtually went to zero at the start of the pandemic, but that's kind of a distraction.
What you actually also see here behind me in the blue are pneumonia deaths.
Now, pneumonia is killing every year from 2014 on between 5,000 and 2,500 people every week.
in America.
That's a lot of people dying from pneumonia, despite we treat pneumonia very well.
One of the things that you will see in the CDC's own numbers is that death from pneumonia skyrocketed during COVID.
So we kind of lost control of what we had very, and I get my head out of the way again, we had could very
very good control over how many people died of pneumonia until 2020 in New York City where those numbers doubled or even tripled.
And there's not a good explanation for that except for that it wasn't a novel virus causing the excess deaths.
This is the actual graph that they should have shown you on PBS NewsHour
where in blue here behind me, in the dark blue, you see between 70,000 and 50,000 people die every week in America.
That's 3 million people every year or 2,700,000 people every year.
This is a lot more people than what they called attention to at the beginning of 2020, where, oh, a thousand people died this weekend in some place, somewhere or in total.
These numbers taken out of context can be made to tell
virtually any story they want to, especially if people on NBC and Fox News agree to tell you the same story, which is exactly what they did.
They didn't tell you that there was fear, uncertainty and doubt being created by sending doctors home and telling people that old people were in danger.
They didn't tell you that the numbers of people dying of heart attack and stroke
and pneumonia and whatever else in New York skyrocketed because they gave out do not resuscitate orders because giving CPR to somebody might spread the virus.
They didn't tell you that giving somebody supplementary oxygen for many hours in response to a low pulse ox reading
can result in acute respiratory distress disorder, ARDS.
You can destroy someone's lungs by just giving them pure oxygen for a few hours, which is exactly the reason why oxygen bars didn't last very long.
It's not good for you.
And that is also painful, which is a great way to say, well, if you have so much pain from this oxygen, maybe we should anesthetize you and put you on a ventilator.
This is the runway that they got people in once they went to the hospital on FLCCC's advice that if your pulse ox is 94, you better seek help.
And then they got pneumonia and didn't get antibiotics because antibiotics don't work for a viral pneumonia.
All of these lies combined.
allowed them to kill any old person that walked through, any Medicare patient that walked through the doors could just be put on an alternative protocol that involved oxygen to ventilators to any number of treatments that would kill them.
In the UK, they use midazolam.
In America, some places use remdesivir.
But you didn't need to use those things if you started with supplementary oxygen and said that any progression of symptoms was from a virus instead of from the oxygen.
So then you couple that with the fact that we know that over the last four or five years that have been at least a half a million people
of all age groups killed by opioids.
And that's the reason why we have a lower age, sorry, a lower life expectancy in America.
It's not because of a mystery virus taking people out.
It's because opioids and bad ideas and financial incentives to apply those bad ideas to Medicare patients has run rampant in America.
And that's why there's no epidemiological evidence of spread across borders and counties and
and even across borders in New York State.
We don't see that because the only thing that spread were these bad protocols.
We also don't have any lawyers talking reasonably about if we just restored strict liability to all pharmaceutical products, even in the state of an emergency, this problem would go away.
If we just said that the Seventh Amendment violation that is the
All of these vaccine laws that include the prep act but also the national vaccine, and the IC, all of these laws that have incrementally taken away our ability to sue for damages which is what the Seventh Amendment codifies have essentially
jurisdiction, it's jurisdiction stripping, we don't have any any way to go.
And if we have to go through these administrative kangaroo courts, then we're giving up our constitutional rights yet somehow or another, all these lawyers for all of these organizations, they don't say any of this stuff ever.
And that's because they want to, they have to cover up the fact that
public health isn't saving anyone, that the National Cancer Institute isn't saving anyone.
And in fact, they would murder people and lie about it in order to get us to coercively teach our children this mythology about viruses and vaccines and public health and masks and closures and everything that involves this kind of governance, they would murder and lie about it.
And I would contest that they have, and we need to have a new consensus about that.
Jay, look at the context.
Go back if you don't mind.
I want people to understand the absolute
clarity of what just took place.
Look at the context of the lie, how they painted the death numbers without talking about the 2.7 or 3 million deaths per year that happened in a normal, steady state world.
They took it out of context.
They came up with 100 different excuses, half-baked protocols.
Throw in the drug overdoses from the open borders.
You throw in every kind of bad protocol.
These lies
They met 87 brand new billionaires.
The world over.
And I think they avoided a huge Medicare disaster that they've been talking about since the 90s.
They eliminated the financial liabilities to the system because they overcommitted.
They couldn't pay it off.
They got rid of the sick.
They got rid of the elderly.
They got rid of financial, the social securities, the pensioners, the people that they owed all these obligations to.
I think they're still doing it with the single shot, the pneumonia shot.
They're doing it.
My grandma didn't need any shots.
My grandma lived fine.
This is ridiculous.
They got rid of a administration they didn't like.
They got rid of a movement they didn't like.
They got rid of a class of people they owed a lot of money to.
They lied their asses off to us.
and they minted 87 billion new billionaires and you can't sue them because they have immunity.
Shut up, sit down, and if you point any of these truths out, you're a conspiracy theorist and you're anti-science.
Yep, it's absolutely true.
Um, if I can give you one more message while I'm still closing this street, this, uh, slide out, um, I haven't, uh, said this in the stream yet, but one of my main messages and one of the really, the thing that got me in trouble at the university of Pittsburgh was, um, that.
Before the pandemic, it might not be, I don't know who your viewers are, but I assume that most of them are not professors or academic biologists.
If you were working on a bench, meaning you had a lab or you worked for somebody who had a lab at a university in America, let me just go over here.
if you were working for a lab in America at a university and you either had a lab or you were a postdoc or you were a grad student, at some point in time you would have used DNA or RNA and any number of techniques to put that DNA and RNA into your experiment to express a protein.
Now you might have used something called a gene gun which would put the DNA around little tiny gold particles and then you might have used it
to kind of shoot the DNA into a cell culture, and then the protein would express there, and then you would do your experiment.
You might have used RNA and used a product called lipofectamine, where you would mix these two together, spin them in the right way, filter them out, and then put that mixture into the brain of a rat to get glow-in-the-dark proteins to show up in a particular place.
The point is, is that if you go to Thermo Fisher Scientific or Sigma or
Well, maybe not Sigma, but if you go to Thermo Fisher Scientific or any of these other bigger biotech companies and look at their website before the pandemic or now, you will find lots of products that are generally referred to as transformation or transfection technologies.
And these two words are words that, for example, would have been on many people's resume before the pandemic, including people like Tony Fauci and Robert Malone and Judy Mikovits.
They all did this stuff.
I did it.
I used to actually transform my mice with an adenovirus-based
transformation, and I would express an algae protein in the brain of my mice so that when I shine blue light on them, I could make the cells signal.
So that's neither here nor there.
The point is that, again, I'll repeat it, transformation is using DNA, transfection is using RNA to express a protein in an experimental setting.
And these were products that have existed for more than 15 years prior to the pandemic.
So when the pandemic started and then they announced on PBS NewsHour with super clown Bill Gates and a lighted table with little pieces of, of props where he was saying, you know, old vaccines are like this and new vaccines are like this.
I immediately went to my fellow faculty members.
I'm like, holy shit, they're going to transfect people.
They're just planning to put some lipids and RNA in old people.
That's not going to work.
You can't do that.
You guys know that.
Like when we transfect our mice and we let them go long enough, the place that we transfected in the brain dies.
It gets destroyed by the immune system.
One of the cardinal issues with transfection in mice and the reason why it's such a problem, and I hope you're still following me.
When I do these studies in mice, one of the reasons why you use mice is because you can do stuff with them, including
take their brain out, make anatomical slices of it, and find out exactly where your needle was, so that you can see whether it was in the same place in the last mouse, and the same place in the last mouse, and that the same cells that you wanted to turn green turn green.
Now, I'm telling you a very simple kind of description of experimental outcomes, but it's the way science is done.
You do lots of experiments in many different animals, and you try to do the same experiment in every animal.
And if you're doing an experiment where you're trying to figure out what a protein does, and so you're going to put a little extra over here to see how it changes the behavior of the animal, or see how it changes the behavior of those neurons, and you want to do it several times, then you make an anatomical
dissection of the experiment that you did.
And it has been known for years, Rob, that if you wait too long, the immune system will inevitably come in and kill those cells.
They'll be gone.
And if you wait too long, that means that when you sacrifice the animal and make your slices and try to map where you did your experiment, there will be none.
And so when they told us that they were going to transfect people, the very first thing that I said was, but we don't transfect healthy animals and then call them healthy animals afterward.
We transfect them, we do the experiment, and then we sacrifice them quick enough so that we can still see where the transfection happened.
How does that methodology translate to something that you could do to your grandma?
They told me to go home, mail in your badge and keys.
We don't feel safe with you here anymore.
That's how fast this went.
Jay, they weren't safe with you because of other people began to think like you thought they would lose.
They would lose their money.
They would lose their title.
They would lose their job.
They wouldn't be safe in the system as constructed.
So you are a threat to their way of life.
That's why they had to get rid of you.
I don't know, man.
I think at that time, I think a lot of people were just scared shitless and too smart to think that they could think their way through it.
I think a lot of people, they were told that there are aliens, you need to stay at home, and you don't know anything about the aliens, so shut up.
And a lot of these people, because that's how it works in academia, if you're humble enough to say that I don't know anything about anything except for the little thing that I work on,
then usually people leave you alone and they think you're very creative.
And so as long as you play flute, but don't play Jothro Tull or something like that, you just play your own little thing, I guess nobody cares.
And this is really the strategy that so many of them in the reality, for example, trying to fit in at the University of Pittsburgh, which is very close by to Carnegie Mellon, there are like
I think there are 134 neurobiology faculty members between Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon that kind of all share seminars and stuff like that.
And it might even be more.
So if you're going to fit in in a faculty that's that deep, you got to have a pretty specific little corner of the world that you work on and not be encroaching on anybody else's work with anybody else's methodologies, otherwise you're kind of redundant.
And so the way that academia works is you got to kind of
find a way to fit in it's not it's it's uh and in so doing you also kind of subconsciously accept the idea that i should just keep my mouth shut when it comes to what other people are doing because i got i got my own stuff to care about so even if somebody's over there and you could pretty succinctly say why they're asking the wrong question or why their experiment isn't
going to answer the question they say they're going to answer.
They got grant money and you're too busy worrying about your grant money.
So what you ought to do is try to figure out how it is that they, despite what you think is a bad idea, they got money anyway.
And that's what a lot of people do.
And Jonathan, from my perspective, what I just heard you describe was basically divide and conquer.
Absolutely it is.
And keep people as busy as possible.
In every industry, whether it's the Pentagon,
Whether it's medical, whether it's banking, whether it's culture, it doesn't matter what the industry is, you put people in silos, you put them in specializations, compartmentalization, and they don't talk to each other.
Now let's go back to why did they not want us to?
talk to one another, congregate, go to restaurants, go to picnics, go to church, hang out together, and compare notes.
Exactly.
All the lies that were taking place in this pandemic.
You could go get an abortion or get on an airplane tube and fly somewhere, but you couldn't go to the Ace Hardware, your local diner, and have something to eat.
Or you couldn't go to, because Lord knows if we started speaking with one another and comparing notes this way, the silo thing wouldn't have worked anymore.
No, it was divide and conquer.
So you have it shows that is evidence of evil intent at a writ large scale.
Yes, that's quiet, silenced, apart, masked up, shut up.
Don't ask questions, follow the rules.
I would even go so far as to say that they actually want you to ask the questions.
They want you to ask the questions they want you to ask and ask them very vigorously over and over and over again.
Only the ones they want you to ask.
Exactly, exactly.
Right, which is in between the 40-yard lines.
Right, don't go outside the 40 yard lines and ask questions about anything like the founder of the PCR test that said it ain't made to do what it's you're trying to get it to do.
Yeah, the worst part about it is is that I think that the game is so diabolical as you described it between the 40 yard lines and they actually have tricked us into believing that all we really need to do is get to the touchdowns when in reality we need to get out of the stadium, get in our cars and drive away.
And they have even set it up so that we think that we're fighting against them if we just argue that, well, we just got to score a touchdown.
No, you're still playing their game.
Get off their field.
Yes, that's right.
Yeah, man.
John, this is the universal truths, the principles, what we're learning.
Like you mentioned,
The gentleman that wrote the poem about the knots and the three different types of rope.
I mean, a cup is a cup made for purpose.
There's a cup and a handle on it.
It's made for coffee, right?
The coffee goes in it.
The cup doesn't ask.
who is the cup maker, but there has to be a cup maker.
It didn't just materialize on its own accord.
There's a purpose for the cup.
There's a purpose for us, but we don't humble ourselves enough and ask, what is my purpose?
How did I get here?
You describe basically a new birth experience, meaning
We have to realize at some point in time, whether it's COVID or whatever happens, this world is broken.
It's built by liars.
It's built with alternative agendas.
It's about control, about dividing, deceiving, devouring, destroying, controlling, and centralizing.
And when you realize that in the eyes
are open and the scales lift from our eyes, we have basically a new birth experience where we start to see with spiritual eyes instead of academic eyes, or egotistical eyes, or I'll just do it all by myself.
I'm gonna lean on my own understanding, screw all this.
I'm gonna brute force intellectualize myself to be a millionaire or a billionaire, and if I get more money, then I'll be happy.
Well, no shit doesn't make you happy.
Shit doesn't make you fulfilled.
That's the, that is the law of the jungle or the law of the creator.
Yeah.
And yet religion is just as bad as academia is just as bad as industry is just as bad as a military industrial complex because it weaponizes it's centric.
We have 47,000 denominations of Christianity.
You think they came to say, hey, let's all divide up and have 19 churches.
And again, then nobody talked to each other.
You sell your memberships.
We'll sell our memberships.
The government will bless us with tax-free, you know, revenue if we keep our mouths shut and don't complain about the government.
So we'll get tax deferred status.
We'll build these 501c3 entities.
And the church has self-emulated itself into a Saturday Night Live caricature.
We're all on purpose though right I think that that's the thing that I, I really believe that it doesn't.
There have to still be many, many, many, many good people in.
in the church.
It's just that it doesn't take very many people.
My analogy that I use on my slide or on my show a lot that I think is quite effective is that imagine that you have an office party and there's 40 people that you work with.
And so you organize a 20 on 20 tug of war.
And they're all pretty average people, all with the same job.
They all are kind of athletic.
And so it's a pretty equal 2020.
It would only take about two people on one side to agree not to pull very hard before you could sabotage it.
And the other, both teams would have no idea.
Right.
Because everybody would be pulling hard and you would look like you're pulling hard.
And yet every single time one team would win and you wouldn't be able to explain it because it would only take a couple people that would sabotage it.
That even if you said, Oh, we're going to put big Mike over on this team and we're going to put little Wendy over there.
If three people are not pulling, but pretending to that, it won't matter if you move big Mike.
And that is really what happens in most churches.
I think that's what happens in a lot of these anti-vax organizations.
You only need a few people that are taking the valuable stuff and just throwing a few out the window every once in a while before an organization will be essentially kneecapped or sabotaged or from the outside look ineffective.
And so I'm trying to be very general here, but I think that the message I'm trying to make is that it's no longer possible for us to assume that the heroes on the internet are going to get the job done.
It's no longer possible for us to assume that the school board is mostly good people and I can't get on it anyway.
I think we all, absolutely all, need to try to find all the places where we can take control of our lives and we need to actually do it.
And I think that message for young people has a foundation in trying to teach young high school age kids
the way to read a biology book, the way to hear the news, that when the PBS NewsHour says a new discovery was made, it should go into your head immediately, like, oh, geez, it got even more complicated than it was yesterday.
Not, wow, do they understand so much, but, oh, it got even worse.
And not worse in a bad way, worse in a good way.
It gets more intense.
It gets more beautiful.
What you are surrounded with and the system that we are a part of, the creation that we were given,
is more beautiful than we imagined yesterday.
That's how a new biologist in my mind or a real biologist should progress.
And I think if we can start to get young people to think that way and young people to enter medical school that way, there could be a sort of, as you said, a collective change
that a few bad apples would have a harder time overcoming because they would have this foundational understanding that wasn't so easily shakable because it wasn't based on what they last scrolled past.
It will be based on something with more understanding and foundation.
Like you say, knowledge is nothing unless it's also wisdom and understanding.
And so, I don't know, I'm really excited to have been here.
I'm really excited this discussion was cool.
And I think that you're
It sounds really like to me, it's, I've been hypothesizing about this a lot with a friend of mine, Mark, that there have to be more people that are already on this message.
There have to be more people that are saying this.
I'm not smart.
I just, the truth is the truth.
And so there has to be more people.
And I just really happy we got to meet.
I'm really happy that we did this.
I hope we can do it again.
I'm not trying to end the interview.
I'm just trying to say that I'm running out of words and I'm handing it back to you.
So you just tell me what to do.
Well, John, I too, brother, I am so blessed to find how truth permeates and it dances between all verticals and all people and all races and all humanities.
God's no respecter of title or skin color or gender or ethnicity or location or nothing.
I mean, the bottom line is there's a grace to humility and with humility,
Nature abhors a vacuum.
If we're humble and we're curious and we want to learn and we want revelation to come through us, we open our mind to learning more instead of putting a chip on our shoulder going, I'm so smart.
I know it all.
I mean, hubris blocks out humility.
And yet the honey and the oil and the magic and the majesty of life comes through this.
We're all the same.
We're all of the same essence and image and likeness and created by the same creator.
Who divides us among races and religions and colors and creeds?
It's those that need to control us.
And so, so many kids today, there's this great gentleman I came across last week and learned about that he's given over 2,000 lectures in 2,000 different high schools.
And he talks about the absolute greatness of the most industrial pioneers and thinkers and visionaries and builders and inventors from, you know, George Washington to Nikola Tesla to polio vaccine guys to you name it.
But the kids aren't being taught this.
And what he's teaching them is that every single one of these great, heroic, unbelievable people that were able to bring forth and reveal amazing truths is in that classroom.
You're listening to me right now.
Those people are you.
You just don't know it yet.
But what he's finding is A, they're not being taught that.
So B, they don't believe it.
C, they're inadequately unprepared.
to manage themselves to go to college or to manage a life beyond college because they don't have any faith in themselves.
They don't believe that they can be a George Washington or a Nikola Tesla or a scientist or whatever their calling might be because they're either too busy scrolling, they're letting the world identify them instead of finding what their true identity and purpose is,
And I would have never guessed that our closing minutes in this interview would be that the utter importance of parenting, there can be no more greater valuable job on earth than to help implant values and love and meaning and purpose and identity and sovereignty and standing and laws that stand
True spiritual laws are indestructible, indivisible, and immutable.
And if we can teach those laws to our kids, then they will have a life well-lived.
If we leave it up to Snapchat and Twitter and social media and the world and the academia to define our kids and let them figure it out on their own, we've not done a very good job as parents.
No, we really haven't.
And I think just to add to what you're saying, one of the other sentiments that really has our children locked up, that I'm fighting against, I mean, I don't think my kids are locked up in it, but they're very aware that other kids are, is the idea that some of these, especially it's weird, these college kids that are like 20 something years old actually think that it is within the realm of possibility that within six years the world will become completely uninhabitable.
And I find that
to be such a crazy level of delusion that they just understand their world so poorly, the size of it even.
If you were just to fly from LA to Tokyo over the Pacific Ocean, and you've never done it before,
you might go, holy balls, did I underestimate how freaking much water there is in the Pacific Ocean.
And so these kids who think that 200 years of hubris is enough to destroy something as beautiful as the earth,
is absurd.
Yes, maybe we can make it smell bad.
Maybe there can be some holes that are pretty dirty.
But for me, this concept that they have tricked a lot of our kids into believing it's already too late for them to do anything when in reality, the world's going to be theirs in 15 years.
It is the most malevolent of lies.
And that's the same lie that my brother bought into the idea that if he doesn't have kids, he's somehow slowing down the inevitable destruction of the planet.
And that's as silly as saying that cows are not, that they're causing something when they're part of the earth.
Cows are the earth.
I don't get these arguments as a biologist, like we should...
We really need to teach our children to love the world that they're into, to respect it, to appreciate it, but also to see that there are aspects of it that have been changed very drastically by our pollution, by our toxification of the environment, that things that they see in the world, that they see as people around them are not ideal.
Those people that are 20 pounds overweight and haven't exercised in 20 years are not what
humans are supposed to be.
That's what humans are now.
That's what our humans are now because of the choices that our rulers have made and lied about.
And this kind of
You know, we have to really empower them to feel like in a few years they're ready to take over.
They're ready to take back what we were not good enough stewards of.
I'm very happy to admit that somehow or another, I am part of this generation that allowed Mitch McConnell and Nancy Pelosi to sit in their chairs for that long that none of us had
None of us woke up and realized what was happening until now.
Not none of us, many of us did, but I didn't.
And I was part of a lot of peers that didn't.
I have a lot of friends who still aren't awake and think that I'm the only nutcase they know.
And so this whole story actually accumulated with me.
I have a piano behind me right now because I sold my guitar yesterday.
And the reason why I sold my guitar is because the guy that taught me to play guitar was a roommate of mine in college.
He was my best friend.
He was the guy that I would call when I really needed some smart advice and somebody to tell me that I was an idiot.
And in October of 2023, he was here in my house because he had to do some work as an IP lawyer in Pittsburgh.
for some carpentry thing, I don't know what.
Anyway, I got to share this book with him.
I got to brag that I was working for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I got to tell him that I didn't think the pandemic was real.
I got to explain to him that transfection was something that they always knew was not going to work in healthy people.
And I really think that the people that took the transfection are still in danger.
It's just that they probably gave a lot of placebos out.
So if you didn't feel anything, it's probably because you got lucky.
And he laughed.
He thought it was hilarious.
And he said, so you think that my, me and my family could still just drop dead.
And I said, if you got a transfection and it was real, absolutely.
And I am not joking to you.
He left on the 20th of October and on the some day 11th or something of December, he actually had an aneurysm and died.
He was able to stay to his wife that he needed to go to the hospital.
And then when they got to the hospital, he was already brain dead and they said they had to let him go.
So I wasn't at the funeral because nobody wanted to debate about why he died, but he definitely, I mean, people, he went home to Chicago and told a lot of people that he had visited Jay and Jay's off the deep end, not in a bad way, but Jay was always off the deep end.
Jay was off the deep end with 9-11.
And Jay really thinks that they did this to us and that I might be, you know, he, because that's what he heard.
I was yelling at him on my deck saying, you know, it's not funny.
Don't laugh at me, dude.
You think I put my reputation and my, you think I'm streaming because it's great fun to scream into a camera and ask people to donate money because you don't have a job?
This is not why I'm doing this, man.
I'm doing this because I think my grandkids might not exist if I don't.
And he really didn't, he did, wow.
I mean, are you going to keep doing it?
No, I can't stop.
But he's like, COVID is over.
It's not over, Nate.
Nate's gone now.
So anyway, I'm saying I got a piano because my daughter and I are relearning piano together.
I used to play and I can't play guitar anymore because it breaks my heart because Nathan left behind a wife and two beautiful daughters who are just going into college and just starting to become the amazing women that they will be.
And they're not going to have their dad anymore.
I can't call Nate for advice about anything.
And I can't share music with him anymore.
And I'm pissed because I also wasn't able to keep him from taking the transfection because at that time I was too caught up in my own, you know, Scooby-Doo mystery about this lab leak that Fauci was covering up and that Peter Daszak was responsible for.
And there is no biology to support that whatsoever.
And so I'm going to end
with this, if you don't mind, that we need a new consensus about these things.
And the new consensus is, number one, what I told you before, transfection.
These people at universities and medical schools that have been using this technology for more than two decades knew already
that transfecting healthy elderly people that we wanted to be around for 10 more Christmases was a dumb idea.
They definitely knew that transfecting young children as a new vaccine technology was ridiculous.
And none of them stood up.
None of them said it.
Even the people that I yelled at to their face and explained why they should believe this, they fired me.
Now, the reason why is because the national security state definitely would murder and lie about the fact
the vaccine schedule in America was already criminal before the pandemic.
And I wasn't smart enough to know it.
I didn't know it.
And I didn't learn it until much later, just like you guys are learning it right now.
And the best way to get at the heart of this is to realize that RNA and viruses are not pattern integrities.
And like Buckminster Fuller explained, life is a pattern integrity.
So
If it's not a pattern integrity, then there's no such thing as an RNA pandemic.
So they lied to us.
They murdered people and lied to us so that they could coerce us into teaching these lies to our children.
And if you need any more details and have any more questions, I can come back for hours and hours and do this all over again.
How's that?
Brother, I salute you, my friend.
I salute you for.
Acknowledging that the emperor has no clothes.
And it took a young kid to say that when everybody else was screaming and clapping and playing, acting and ignoring the fact that all the world's a stage.
And it took some young teenage kid to go, but the King's butt ass naked.
He isn't wearing anything, you know, and out of the mouth of babes comes truth.
And out of the mouth of fearful, conforming people that don't know who they are comes consensus.
And we're afraid.
There's a reason the quantum law book more than any other thing in the world, any other script, any other teaching, any other admonition said, fear not, or be not afraid 365 times.
And 40% of the book, 40% of the law book talks about the dangers and risk of materialism and worshiping money and power and status and ego and control of material and all the things that money can buy.
Basically, we're taught to grow up and chase the gold, the girls and the glory, right?
Ego.
All of it.
It's all right here.
All of it is right there, your bank account, your money account, we identify ourselves.
Actually, Rob, it's even scarier, right?
Because in the biblical days, the fame and fortune and power that they were pursuing was real.
And now the fame and fortune that you pursue is actually also artificial.
You have a thousand followers, it means nothing.
Most of them could be fake.
And so you really have this, it's layers and layers of lies that I don't think even our
Even these people that were that were writing some of these scriptures couldn't have seen how bad it was going to be.
Jump man 86 says something nasty to you in your post.
And then a girl or a kid gets bent out of shape for four days.
because Jumpman86 said something that was disrespectful to him.
And they don't even know the hell who it is or if he's even a bot or not.
But to your point, it's this prison of the minds.
And we'll go back to where is the most valuable real estate on earth?
It's this six inches right here.
It's the six inches right here.
And the father of lies or the thieves that want to come and steal our identity, the greatest, most valuable treasure on earth is our identity and our purpose.
And if we outsource that to white lab coats or academics or bankers or status or
society or culture or chasing all the things that we're not supposed to change.
The old saying is, yeah, you'll never see a hearse towing a U-Haul.
You're not bringing you're not taking a ship with you.
So while we're here, if we looked at things like that as tools to help us advance our purpose and love to other people, then, yeah, we may get the Bible talks about wanting us to
reign as kings and queens.
Poverty usually is not associated with reigning as kings and queens, but once you get the laws and the purpose and the order and the constitution and the values correct, and then you go and you do your purpose in an abundant world, then your couple will run over 30, 70, 100 fold.
Fold is a multiplication.
It doesn't even talk about addition in the law book.
It's not like you'll get 10 times.
No, it's tenfold law of reciprocity.
Give until it hurts, with no expectations of return.
Do your purpose and love others and serve and give, and it will come back to you tenfold.
How?
Who knows?
but it's a law and it will somehow or another next week, next month, six years from now, somehow or another, that reciprocity law will come back.
It's a chemistry.
It's a spiritual chemistry, if you will, that just works.
And to your point, every time you learn something new in biology, instead of going, well, damn, now I'm even smarter and I'm more godlike, you should be going, oh, my God, the more I know, the more I know, I don't know.
It's even more majestic than I ever knew.
There must be a quantum creator even more big, like the ocean water.
You fly over to Tokyo and you go, damn, there's a lot of water.
Damn, there's a lot of wisdom out there and there's enough wisdom for every human being walking this earth to find a purpose, to find a calling, to apply their talents and gifts and strengths and experience and serve selflessly
and then be rewarded abundantly without living in this world of scarcity.
Oh, if you get more, that means I got less or we got a we're from the government.
We're here to make sure everybody gets an exact even amount of everything because that's our job.
Bullshit.
That is not anyone's job to do that.
But man, the parallels of what we're all learning, if
we will humble ourselves and ask the right questions.
They come across medical and military and monetary and political and family and culture and arts and entertainment.
It goes across every industry if we will just take our damn asses off our shoulders.
Right?
It is true.
The opportunity is huge right now.
It's right in front of us.
I really think there's a possibility that they're so off script and they haven't let us know yet.
So I'm really excited that you see the same thing that I hope I see.
I'm hopeful, very hopeful.
If you have strong faith and you anchor that faith, there are three guide wires.
Think of faith as a radio antenna with three guide wires that hold that radio antenna.
You know, it may be 200 feet in the air, but it's got to stay strong in the wind and the gust.
And those three cables that hold faith erect and straight and strong through all the storms and day and night and weather and rain is faith, hope,
and patience or patience, hope and love.
And the world chips away at our patience.
The world chips away at our hope.
It takes our hope away from us.
You just talked about kids that think in six years from now, the world's going to be gone anyway.
So what the hell?
Just have fun and do whatever you can get away with for six years, because I'm going to be here to pay off my debts or whatever.
I'm not going to have kids because the world's going to end in 10 years or kids create climate disaster.
So I don't want to hurt Mother Earth.
Yeah, right.
I mean, come on.
The world, if we know the laws that are true laws, then we can resist against those things that chip away at our hope, that chip away at our patience and chip away at our love.
And if we can maintain love and hope and patience,
and resist all of the fear mongering and the gurus and the group thinkers and the, you know, I'm going to put you in jail if you don't do what we tell you to.
I'm going to censor you and strip your business away if you keep talking like Jonathan over there.
You know, he's gone cray cray.
We can't have too many Jonathans running around.
So
We gotta choose a lane.
We all have to pick a lane.
We either have a purpose or we don't.
There's a creator or there's not.
There's abundance or scarcity.
We can live in fear or fear not.
We all get to make those free will choices.
Every single one of us gets to make those choices.
But the problem is, is that a lot of times I think, and I'm as guilty as the rest, that we think we're making the choice here.
And that if we just retweet the right person or post the right video, that we're fighting if we do that.
And I, I, it's really not, we really, we really need to convert our friends and family one at a time and interact with them one at a time.
We need to go back old school.
Um, I know I, I'm trying to get better at, at, at that, but, um,
Gee, man, I don't know what to say other than I hope that we can continue to be connected and we can continue to push this ball forward.
I hope your viewers enjoyed a little bit meeting me.
And yeah, if you ever want to have me back again, please let me know.
And how would you like my viewers to best connect with you or reach out, follow you and find you?
I have a website gigaohmbiological.com which is kind of a long hard name I can put I'll link underneath this video.
Okay.
But yeah, it's a right now I'm my main excitement is that my kids are going back to school next Thursday and then That means Monday September or whatever that or Tuesday, whatever after Labor Day.
I'm gonna start teaching
a biology course and I'm going to start auditing one of my friends statistics course.
And so I hope to, right now what I'm doing in case your viewers are curious is I do a lot of kind of study hall type news programs where either I'm
talking about what I read about certain people that I'm interested in with regard to the pandemic narrative and virology, or I'm looking at PBS NewsHour and trying to correct it, or I'm looking at some podcast and trying to show you how these two people are agreeing that a particular question is a really good one, and then I try to show people why that's a dumb question.
And those are for the people that like my stuff, it's okay, but I really am going forward, I'm very interested in establishing this big idea that I put here with the biology book that I want to start teaching high school kids and kids that are about to go into university
the correct way to think about the irreducible complexity that is our sacred biology, and to see all of the details that science is uncovering every day as another gear in an almost infinitely complex watch.
And every time we find a gear we should be excited about the fact that there's a new bird,
There's a new bird species with new colors and a new thing to look for, but that doesn't mean we understand much about where they're coming from and how they do what they're doing.
And we can humble ourselves to that and it can become an appreciation that drives our and motivates our science instead of a sort of dominance or a sort of power that motivates our science.
And once we start asking questions that way, and we start pursuing our own health and wellbeing that way,
then the arrogance with which public health seems to be able to currently demand from parents the vaccine schedule and demand from parents the way that they behave, new parents will approach parenthood with this already preconceived notion that
There is an irreducible complexity that is about to manifest in my newborn baby.
And this person who doesn't appreciate that sacred complexity can't give me any useful advice about the first 5 years of my kid's life.
And so that's okay.
instead of having to feel like you've seen an alien and that opinion is very crazy, I think we can very quickly pivot to a young generation of parents that just understands that that's the way it is.
These people went to a school that taught them to think about the irreducible complexity in a way that was beneficial to the biosecurity state, beneficial to our governance, beneficial to pharma, beneficial to
a movement that wants to turn us into experimental animals.
And so we can change that by teaching our kids to see it for what it is, so that every time they see it on TV, it's just what they see.
Instead of seeing a really smart person using big words, they see a magician casting a spell, and that's what we need.
Hey to the man, brother.
I don't even want to add anything to it.
That was so beautiful and so brilliant.
Johnathan, thank you, my friend.
I cannot wait to see you in Tulsa at the Red Pill Expo.
I'll be there talking.
Can't wait.
Me and you and G. Edward Griffin got to have a photo and a book signing, all that kind of good stuff.
I just I love it.
I love it.
I love it, man.
Thank you.
Thank you, my friend.
You're very welcome, Rob.
Thank you for having me.
Thank you.
Take care.
Give me just a second.
Look at that.
It usually uploads.